README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 🔥 My Powershell Config

My Windows Powershell configuration with **oh-my-posh** and **PSReadline**.

</div>

<div align="center">

![r3nanp](https://img.shields.io/badge/r3nanp-my--powershell--config-blue?style=for-the-badge)
![license mit](https://img.shields.io/github/license/r3nanp/my-powershell-config?color=blue&label=LICENSE&logo=github&style=for-the-badge)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
  - <a href="./.github/README-pt.md">Switch to Portuguese 🇧🇷
  </a>
</div>

---

## Techologies used

- [oh-my-posh](https://github.com/JanDeDobbeleer/oh-my-posh)
- [PSReadline](https://github.com/PowerShell/PSReadLine)

## How to active the scripts execution?

```
# This command will show which policy is active

$ Get-ExecutionPolicy
```

---

**Policy table**
| Restriced | AllSigned | RemoteSigned | Unrestriced | ByPass |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |----------------------------------------------------- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |------------------------------------------------------ |
| No script can be run. Windows Powershell can only be used in interactive mode. | Only scripts signed by a trusted publisher can run. | Download scripts must be signed by a trusted publisher before they can be run. | No restrictions. All scripts can be run, but download scripts will prompt for permission before it runs. | All scripts can be run, without warnings or prompts. |

---

I'm using RemoteSigned policy:

<img src="./.github/screenshot.png" alt="Hyper">

```
# This command will change your policy

$ Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope CurrentUser
```

### How to install PSReadline and oh-my-posh

```
> Install PSReadline

$ Install-Module -Name PSReadLine -AllowPrerelease -Scope CurrentUser -Force -SkipPublisherCheck
```

```
> If you don't have an -AllowPrerelease flag, upgrade PowerShellGet with: 

$ Install-Module -Name PowerShellGet -Force first.
```

```
> Install oh-my-posh

$ Install-Module posh-git -Scope CurrentUser
$ Install-Module oh-my-posh -Scope CurrentUser
```

### Configure profile

```
> Into your powershell, execute this command:

$ if (!(Test-Path -Path $PROFILE )) { New-Item -Type File -Path $PROFILE -Force }
code $PROFILE 
```

<a href="/settings/profile.ps1"> And copy profile configuration in settings</a>

Commit message:

docs: add icon and change settings folder to theme folder

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="./.github/powershell.png" />
</div>

<div align="center">

# 🔥 My Powershell Config

My Windows Powershell configuration with **oh-my-posh** and **PSReadline**.

</div>

<div align="center">

![r3nanp](https://img.shields.io/badge/r3nanp-my--powershell--config-blue?style=for-the-badge)
![license mit](https://img.shields.io/github/license/r3nanp/my-powershell-config?color=blue&label=LICENSE&logo=github&style=for-the-badge)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
  - <a href="./.github/README-pt.md">Switch to Portuguese 🇧🇷
  </a>
</div>

---
## Techologies used

- [oh-my-posh](https://github.com/JanDeDobbeleer/oh-my-posh)
- [PSReadline](https://github.com/PowerShell/PSReadLine)

## How to active the scripts execution in Powershell?

```
# This command will show which policy is active

$ Get-ExecutionPolicy
```
---

**Policy table**
| Restriced | AllSigned | RemoteSigned | Unrestriced | ByPass |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |----------------------------------------------------- |-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |------------------------------------------------------ |
| No script can be run. Windows Powershell can only be used in interactive mode. | Only scripts signed by a trusted publisher can run. | Download scripts must be signed by a trusted publisher before they can be run. | No restrictions. All scripts can be run, but download scripts will prompt for permission before it runs. | All scripts can be run, without warnings or prompts. |

---

Example: My Powershell is using RemoteSigned policy

<img src="./.github/screenshot.png" alt="Hyper">

```
# This command will change your policy

$ Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope CurrentUser
```

### How to install PSReadline and oh-my-posh

```
> Install PSReadline

$ Install-Module -Name PSReadLine -AllowPrerelease -Scope CurrentUser -Force -SkipPublisherCheck
```

```
> If you don't have an -AllowPrerelease flag, upgrade PowerShellGet with: 

$ Install-Module -Name PowerShellGet -Force first.
```

```
> Install oh-my-posh

$ Install-Module posh-git -Scope CurrentUser
$ Install-Module oh-my-posh -Scope CurrentUser
```

### Configure Powershell profile

```
> Into your powershell, execute this command:

$ if (!(Test-Path -Path $PROFILE )) { New-Item -Type File -Path $PROFILE -Force }
notepad $PROFILE 
```

<a href="/theme/profile.ps1"> And copy and paste profile configuration in theme</a>
